fix: apps endpoint not returning app's data (#35559)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/sour-spiders-pay.md

---
'@rocket.chat/meteor': patch
---

> Fixes the enpoint `/api/apps/:id` not returning app's data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes the enpoints `GET /api/apps/:id` and `GET /api/apps/:id/status` not returning app's data
```
